# hello-world
My first time using Git Hub
Hey howdy, my name is Noah Stephensen, and I'm from a tiny town in Box Elder County, Utah called Bear River City. I have my Associates in Science with a focus on Theatre from Snow College, but I'm hoping to switch majors to 2D Animation and Game Design. Right now I'm working for Domino's, but up until only a few weeks ago I worked for Marco's pizza for about a year and a half. I'm really into indie games, platformers, and rouge-likes. The games I play inspire a lot of the drawings I do. I'm especially intrested in the gameplay and artstyle in Hollow Knight, The Binding of Isaac, Atomicrops, Have a Nice Death, Bear and Breakfast, Pizza Tower, Cave Story, and plenty of other of my favorite games that I could continue to list for the rest of the paragraph. I also play a considerable amount of Dungeons and Dragons, and a few other ttrpgs when I have time. I've been playing my current campaign for almost 3 years now, almost every Sunday. I love to go to concerts when I have the chance and the money. I have tickets to Bad Suns here in Orem soon, which I am super excited for. I listen to a lot of The Wrecks, The Front Bottoms, Cavetown, Twenty-One Pilots, and a whole bunch of other sad men who play acoustic guitar too. I'm really into character and character design, something that I think Theatre has offered me a unique insight into. When I used to do theatre, I was a pretty good actor, but I was a kick-ass stage manager. I won the Stage Manager of the year award two years in a row actually. It was a lot of fun, but I wasn't as passionate about that as I am about drawing, so I'm hoping to better hone my skills in this major instead!
